Open the Digital module.
p02
The sidebar splits in two.
p03
The top group, Customer Portal, runs the surfaces your members sign into.
p04
Five entries.
p05
The mobile pages sit below, but those are the next lesson.
p06
Click Portal Members.
p07
This is your roster of everyone who holds a portal login.
p08
When a customer says the website won't let them in, this is where you start.
p09
Four numbers across the top.
p10
Registered members, how many were active this month, how many joined this week,
p11
and the share who reach you on mobile.
p12
One glance sizes the portal and shows how live it is.
p13
That mobile share matters, since most portal traffic now comes through the app.
p14
Below sit three cards.
p15
Growth over the year, the plan mix with unlimited monthly the biggest slice,
p16
and account health split into active, inactive, and suspended.
p17
Watch that suspended slice;
p18
it's where locked-out members surface before they call.
p19
Now the roster itself.
p20
New Record and Export sit top-right, a search box and Filters just under them.
p21
Today you're only reading, so leave Export alone.
p22
It sends data out, and this is a look-only tour.
p23
Six columns.
p24
Name, email, when they joined, their plan, portal status, and last login.
p25
Portal status is your first stop when someone can't reach the website:
p26
it tells you whether their access is even active.
p27
Last login backs it up, showing when they were really here.
p28
Down at the foot: rows per page, a record count, and the pager.
p29
Reading, paging, and searching change nothing.
p30
New Record would open a create form,
p31
but that form didn't load during verification, so we leave it parked.
p32
Back to the sidebar.
p33
Click Booking Page.
p34
The admin chrome disappears.
p35
What loads is the customer's own booking site,
p36
with its own branding and a five step wizard that runs from service to confirm.
p37
Step one offers three service categories: an inspection, an oil change, and detailing.
p38
Read that first screen, then stop.
p39
Advancing the wizard books a real visit, so Continue never gets clicked.
p40
Portal Messages next.
p41
This is where member messages land and get worked.
p42
Fourteen sit unread right now, twenty eight are open,
p43
and responses average around three hours.
p44
Every row carries a status, a priority, and an owner,
p45
so a billing question and a cancellation request never look alike.
p46
Replying reaches a real customer.
p47
We read the list and touch nothing.
p48
Portal Billing sits just under it.
p49
A running log of billing events on the portal side.
p50
Card updates, plan changes, auto renewals,
p51
and the failures that turn into phone calls.
p52
When a member asks why a card was declined,
p53
the action and status columns tell that story in one row.
p54
Every line here is live money.
p55
Read it, always; touch it, never.
p56
Last entry, Portal Notifications.
p57
The automated sends.
p58
A welcome email fires when an account is created,
p59
and a renewal reminder goes out a week ahead.
p60
The list tracks each one's audience, open rate, and status.
p61
Twelve are active, and more than eight hundred went out today alone.
p62
These reach real members, so nothing here is ever sent, created, or edited in training.
p63
So that's the Customer Portal group.
p64
Five entries, and you have now read all five.
p65
Portal Members for the roster and login trouble.
p66
The booking page for what the customer actually sees.
p67
Messages for the inbox, Billing for the money log, Notifications for the automated sends.
p68
Reach them from the sidebar, since a pasted address still fails.
p69
And read everything without sending, booking, or exporting a thing.